Have you received all the gifts from the lady?
Hey, it's here, it's here.
Miss, do you like it?
Miss, I like it very much.
Don't worry, don't worry.
I will take good care of the lady
Mom, are these toys all mine?
Of course it's all yours.
Change your clothes
Show mom your new clothes
What are you looking at?
You want it too
No I just finished wiping
Mom, he hasn't done the dishes yet.
My baby is right.
This bowl hasn't been washed yet
I'll give you something to eat and drink.
This eye is not alive at all
What do I want you to do with the dishes?
Mom, when are you coming to pick me up?
Lao Jiang
Look at him in the dress I gave him
My daughter.
You've grown so big
Otherwise, are you going to marry your third brother?
No.
Not yet.